Update provider-quantinuum.md [Merge on Nov 30] (#633)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/provider-quantinuum.md

Reviewer: Remove the "en-us" from the hyperlink so that it is more easily localized
https://quantum.microsoft.com/en-us/experience/quantum-coding

Otherwise with Zander's feedback looks good!

  - H1-2: `quantinuum.qpu.h1-2`
- Target Execution Profile: [:::no-loc text="Basic Measurement Feedback":::](xref:microsoft.quantum.target-profiles)

## Quantinuum’s H-Series Emulator in Code with Azure Quantum

> Quantinuum’s H-Series Emulator offered in [Code with Azure Quantum] is a statevector based quantum emulator. This emulator uses a realistic physical noise model and generalized error parameters based on the typical performance of a System Model H1 quantum computer. The quantum simulation performed is the same as the System Model H1 Emulator but the classical circuit optimization routine is reduced to increase throughput.

Reviewer 2: Does [Code with Azure Quantum] need to link anywhere?

Reviewer 3: https://quantum.microsoft.com/experience/quantum-coding

> Quantinuum’s H-Series Emulator offered in [Code with Azure Quantum] is a statevector based quantum emulator. This emulator uses a realistic physical noise model and generalized error parameters based on the typical performance of a System Model H1 quantum computer. The quantum simulation performed is the same as the System Model H1 Emulator but the classical circuit optimization routine is reduced to increase throughput.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Quantinuum’s H-Series Emulator offered in [Learn quantum computing with Azure Quantum](https://quantum.microsoft.com/experience/quantum-coding) is a statevector based quantum emulator. This emulator uses a realistic physical noise model and generalized error parameters based on the typical performance of a System Model H1 quantum computer. The quantum simulation performed is the same as the System Model H1 Emulator but the classical circuit optimization routine is reduced to increase throughput.
```

> The full System Model H1 Emulator allows user to test and debug circuits design before running on hardware and is available even while the hardware is offline.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The full System Model H1 Emulator allows the user to test and debug circuits design before running on hardware and is available even while the hardware is offline.  
```

> More information on the full System Model H1 Emulator can be found [above](#system-model-h1-emulators) and in the System Model H1 Emulator Product Data Sheet found on the [System Model H1] page.

Reviewer 2: Does [System Model H1] need to link somewhere?

Reviewer 3: https://www.quantinuum.com/hardware/h1

> More information on the full System Model H1 Emulator can be found [above](#system-model-h1-emulators) and in the System Model H1 Emulator Product Data Sheet found on the [System Model H1] page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More information on the full System Model H1 Emulator can be found in [System Model H1 Emulators](#system-model-h1-emulators) and in the System Model H1 Emulator Product Data Sheet found on the [System Model H1](https://www.quantinuum.com/hardware/h1) page.
```
